# 2021.10.10

> 今天竟然也有.webp

政治、历史需要在今天提交。

## 英语

> 需要在 2021.10.13 晚上前提交。


### 建议信 Trump

> 20条困难我原地去世。

#### 假设你是Trump

现就以下话题之一写一封信回复你的好朋友Biden，建议他如何解决该困难：
* you have a serious Cyber Addiction
* you feel heavy study pressure
* you often smoke on campus and are unable to give it up.
* you often sleep in class
* you are always absent-minded in class
* play computer games too much ,day in and day out
* you don’t know what to do everyday.
* you are caught in bullying on compus
* you are afraid of talking to your parents frankly
* you jalways fall behind in school courses
* you can’t help making troubls in class.
* your parents wouldn’t listen when you try to tell them some things.
* you feel lonely after schlool because your parents work in another city and you are alone .
* you often quarrel with your parents and think they only  care for your study and grades.
* you keep on putting weight and are laughted at by classmates frequently.
* you are not interested in working out and are a paper-boy,being laughted at and not energetic.
* you can’t get on well with your classmates and dont know what to do to improve it.
* you have no interest in maths and don’t know how to change it .
* you fail an important exam last week and you feel depressed.
* you had a violent quarrel with your best friend . you value your friendship but you don’t know what to do next.

#### 参考词汇
worry,confuse,challenge,depress,comfort,annoy,encourage,
bore,fright,discourage

#### 参考句型：

##### 开头句
*  You have asked for my advice with regard to /on how to get along well with your parents and I will try to make some suggestions.
*  I am quite delighted to hear that you want to ask some advice / suggestions about ..
*  I am writing to express my views on/ concerning …
* I have received your letter saying you… Perhaps the following suggestions are helpful to you.
* You have asked me for my advice with regard to how to…, and I will try to make some suggestions here.
* Now I’m writing to give you some suggestions on how to…
* I understand that you are worried/angry/anxious/upset/confused/  depressed about/that…

##### 建议句型
* I’d like to suggest that…
* In my own opinion/As far as I’m concerned/Personally,  you should…
* If I were you, I would…
* You’d better (not) do…
* First of all, you should… What’s more,… Last but not least,you should…
* It is of great importance for you to ...
* You are supposed to ...
* It is strongly suggested that you should ...
* It is my suggestion that you should...
* What can’t be ignored is that your should /are supposed to ...

##### 表达个人希望
* I hope that my suggestions are of help to you, and please feel free to contact me for more questions.
* I am looking forwards to your consideration about my proposals / suggestions. I will be more than happy to see your improvements later.
* If you could take what I suggest seriously, I would appreciate it very much.
* I hope these suggestions will be of use to you. Remember: where there is a will, there is a way. (A thousand-mile journey begins with the first step)
* Thanks for reading the letter. If there is more I can do to help you, please let me know. I would be more than happy to see your any improvement.  
* I hope you can take good consideration of my advice. I would be ready to discuss the matter to further details with you.
